So we would need us for the
Turkish flags and also tells that
it quite simply without complications
picture really go and we start in
which he a kilo g city ​​so next
Let's all press on the
page so we give you the media then
have a little cool and now against
the efi to deliver fresh yeast the
can take the whole stock exchange
I can do that because I have it here now
Help me there then I need
just two packets of it
after the deep it's got inside
I give 30 grams to god and to directly
just on it
and lukewarm of half a liter
water still so easy in the
center in
any yeast simply
Mix a little bit more nice
you can only do that
Now we just think it all off
and let us stand for five minutes
you need the help a bit
be received and if we here
Yes, the yeast looks good
you can already received and now
Let's take care of the rest
Add the ingredients
for the taste give it now
30 grams of melted butter here
we still have 1 followed by something
Oil even 30 milliliters just once
purely
so and now two eggs are added
first a whole and a protein still
to the egg yolk we can therefore out there
is only two family yet
and money then put a little bit
water from our old liter and then
let's start with mixing dough
as swirl the monstrum
he had
and
and at night we continue our water
to see our day is done now
you have to be much further here
can here a slight uncertainty
to press
in general, that is different
amount of water so a bit
Water hardness but about must
look out the dough and now we leave
rest the dough for an hour and the harbors
at one hour they go to me so long
went down and there was exactly like that
as it should be and now take me
a proven worksheets
just a little micro hinsteuern
and the dough iwf from Wertheim now and
always make 600 grams portions
our pond as well as in parts work
something is happening now too
have developed and we take him
Just love him on a baking paper
and now we can use the tank again
Covered for 30 minutes
after our part, there are the 30th
has already rested minutes
already preparing to winter
for baking and the mensa visually
appealing out looks with the yolk
that we have left with brushing
now our part to a small one
brush and then that really nice
Apply over a large area
you can not do that yolk either
previously with a bit of milk
stir then also strokes
much lighter than me on my lap
milk with rich
and now it is just beautiful
daubs
is
Euro
then we are already done with
brush and now we'll do it
few holes in I just take me
three fingers and pushes the beautiful
purely so that we even after so this
typical patterns for the turkish
Flags just get like body parts
press and a few Löchle a
lack of caution not quite press through
but just stop the dough
Now there is a little more sesame
over it one can the normal sesame and
black sesame seeds take black sesame
Unfortunately, I do not recommend that
but in any case just like that
sprinkle a bit over it and that results
then also this good known
taste yes and so look at my
bread and now you can from as early as
the oven